TODO for 1.2 and beyond

Blocks:
    Food Dispenser - one button iterates over food types, another dispenses it at cost of some fuel
    Cartridge Loader - one button to write to the cartridge, another to load information from it (Right now just location, in the future maybe other too)
    Dock Station - lets you get into locations you often visit better, good tool for shop keepers as well. On RP servers could prevent liftoff.
    Roundels? - Both normal and storage.
Items:
    Personal Location Jammer - when worn, prevents others from locating you. Possibly add some kind of power mechanic to make it less OP
    Location Cartridge - a cartridge that stores a location to later visit it with a TARDIM. Can be locked like map. Potentially add a way to write in the field.
Commands:
    Quick return - set destination to previous materialisation point.
Compat:
    CC - add more meaningful peripherals to things like fuel tank
    Create - Port to 0.5.1, add display sources to more things. Also look into mechanical TARDIM power-up

Mixins:
    Location jammer working
    Better fuel tank (More fuel sources, do not eat buckets)
    Into demat for quick return mixin
    Fuel tank should give off comparator output based on how full it is, and time rotor based on whether we are in flight
    Potentially let name change appearance of TARDIM Controls?
Code:
    Make better and coherent file structure. Unify Forge and Fabric where possible. Prepare for if SWDTeam ever unify more things.


Achievements/Advancements:
    "Nobody needs soup more than me"
        Get soup from TARDIM's food machine

    "Power of the Redstone"
        Activate a redstone input

    "From Russia with love"
        Set exterior to Soviet Chronobox (or any other potential USSR-themed exteriors)

    "Cyber-Upgrade"
        Craft a digital interface

    "???"
        Register a dock

    "I prefer jelly"
        Put on a location jammer

    "I will always remember..."
        Save (or maybe lock like a map?) a location cartridge